Docs: HNSW indexes (#17208)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/ai/vector-indexes/ivf-indexes.mdx

import Layout from '~/layouts/DefaultGuideLayout'

export const meta = {
  id: 'ai-ivf-indexes',
  title: 'IVFFlat indexes',
  description: 'Understanding IVFFlat indexes in pgvector',
  sidebar_label: 'IVFFlat indexes',
}

> IVFFlat is a type of vector index for approximate nearest neighbor search, used in high-dimensional spaces like those found in embeddings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IVFFlat is a type of vector index for approximate nearest neighbor search. It is a frequently used index type that can  improve performance when querying highly-dimensional vectors, like those representing embeddings.
```

## Choosing an index

Today `pgvector` supports two types of indexes:

- [HNSW](/docs/guides/ai/vector-indexes/hnsw-indexes)
- [IVFFlat](/docs/guides/ai/vector-indexes/ivf-indexes)

> In general we recommend using [HNSW](/docs/guides/ai/vector-indexes/hnsw-indexes) because of its [performance gains](https://supabase.com/blog/increase-performance-pgvector-hnsw#hnsw-performance-1536-dimensions) and [robustness against changing data](/docs/guides/ai/vector-indexes/hnsw-indexes#when-should-you-create-hnsw-indexes). If you have a special use case that requires IVFFlat instead, keep reading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general we recommend using [HNSW](/docs/guides/ai/vector-indexes/hnsw-indexes) because of its [performance](https://supabase.com/blog/increase-performance-pgvector-hnsw#hnsw-performance-1536-dimensions) and [robustness against changing data](/docs/guides/ai/vector-indexes/hnsw-indexes#when-should-you-create-hnsw-indexes). If you have a special use case that requires IVFFlat instead, keep reading.
```
